Use nano everywhere (#96)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool_Tutorial: _episodes/04-recipe.md

> ## Explore the recipe

> > Use the following command and investigate the sample recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We use the text editor ``nano`` to investigate the sample recipe.
```
